welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
ender's game
in the future humanity is preparing to
launch an attack on the homeworld of an
alien race
called the formics that had attacked
earth and killed millions
the formic invasion was stopped by maser
rackham
who crashed his fighter plane into the
formic queenship at the apparent cost of
his life
over the course of 50 years gifted
children are trained by the
international fleet to become commanders
of a new fleet for this counter-attack
cadet andrew ender wigan draws the
attention of colonel hiram graf and
major gwen anderson
because of his aptitude in simulated
space combat
they ordered the removal of his monitor
signifying the end of the cadet program
ender is attacked by stilson a student
he defeated in the combat sim
but ender fights back and severely
injures him
ender confesses his grief to his older
sister
valentine but is harassed further by
their older brother
peter graf arrives to reveal ender was
being tested and is still part of the
program
grath brings ender to battle school and
places ender with other cadets his age
but treats him as extraordinary thereby
subjecting him to being ostracized by
the others
the cadets are placed in squads and
perform training games in a zero gravity
battle room enter quickly adapts to the
games
devising new strategies older students
have not yet seen
graff reassigns ender to salamander army
led by commander bonzo madrid
bonzo believing that ender as inept due
to his size and fearing ender will cause
the squad to fail
prevents him from training with the rest
of the squad
another cadet petra arcanan takes ender
under her wing and trains him privately
bonzo becomes aware of this but does not
take any action besides ordering ender
not to train with petra
ender secretly persuades bonzo to let
him continue
arguing this will increase ender's
chance of being accepted into another
squad
in the next match bonso orders ender to
do nothing while the rest of the
salamander army fights another team
however seeing the team losing and petra
in trouble
ender comes to her aid and helps the
salamander army win
after the match bonso is humiliated and
threatens to kill ender if he
embarrasses him again
meanwhile ender plays a computerized
mind game
set in a fantasy world which presents
difficult choices to the player
in one situation ender creates an
outside-the-box solution to overcome a
seemingly unsolvable problem
later he encounters a formic in the game
and then a simulated image of valentine
entering the ruins of a castle
inside he finds another image of
valentine
but as he nears it turns into an image
of peter who grabs
ender and looks into his right eye
before the game ends
these are noted as unusual additions to
the game
which is seemingly being altered by
ender's interaction with the computer
graff promotes ender to lead his own
squad which is made up of students who
have gained ender's trust
they are put in increasingly difficult
battles
in a surprise match against two other
teams including bonzo's salamander army
ender devises a novel strategy of
sacrificing part of his team to achieve
a goal
impressing graf bonzo attacks ender in
the bathroom after the match
but ender fights back bonzo falls during
the struggle and is seriously injured
distraught ender prepares to quit battle
school
but graf has valentine convince him to
continue
graf takes ender to humanity's forward
base on a former formic planet near
their homeworld
there ender meets mazer rackham who did
not die as had been previously believed
rackham explains how he spotted the
shared mind nature of the formics to
stop the attack
50 years prior ender finds that his
former squad members are also there to
help him train in computerized
simulations of large fleet combat
rackham puts special emphasis on the
fleet's molecular detachment
md device that is capable of
disintegrating matter
ender's training is rigorous and
anderson expresses concern over this
but graff notes they have run out of
time to replace ender
ender's final test is monitored by
several fleet commanders
as the simulation starts ender finds his
fleet over the formic homeworld
vastly outnumbered he orders most of his
fleet to sacrifice themselves to protect
the md long enough to
fire on the homeworld the resulting
chain reaction burns over the surface of
the planet
killing the entire population the
simulation ends
and ender believes the test is over the
commanders restart the video screens
showing that the destruction of the
formic homeworld was real
and revealing that ander has been
controlling the real fleet in this and
all previous
simulations despite graff's assurance
that he is a hero
ender is horrified and outraged at the
annihilation of an
entire race and believes he will be
remembered as the killer
as ender struggles with his emotions
during sleep
he recognizes one of the formic
structures nearby as being similar to
the ruined castle from the game
believing it is trying to communicate
with him ender goes to it
he follows the path shown by the game
and encounters a dying formic queen
the queen acknowledges ender's role in
the genocide
and that she simply wanted peace in the
long term and forgives him
the queen gives ender a queen egg that
she has been protecting
with the war ended ender is promoted to
admiral
given a small ship and left to his own
devices
in a letter to valentine he confides
that he is going into deep space
determined to start a new formic colony
with the queen egg
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you